An Introduction to Functional Reactive Programming
========================

* Speaker   : Christopher Meiklejohn
* Available : Any
* Length    : 45 mins

Description
-----------

There is no doubt that todays web applications continue to grow in
adoption, replacing their desktop counterparts in all areas of
computation. Essential to their growth is their ability to provide
near-native performance and rich user experiences. As these applications
grow in essential complexity, they also grow in accidental complexity
due to the imperative callback processing style found in most web
applications. The asynchronous nature of most of these applications also
further compounds the issues due to guarantees around message ordering,
and a level of indirection required in callbacks handling events.

Functional reactive programming is one approach for mitigating
accidental complexity, using a declarative and composable data-flow
model. During this talk, we'll look at the history of functional
reactive programming, some JavaScript implementations of FRP, and
finally some ClojureScript implementations of FRP and examples on how to
get started with using functional reactive programming.

Speaker Bio
-----------

Christopher Meiklejohn is a Software Engineer with Basho Technologies,
Inc. where he focuses on building rich web applications for Riak using
Erlang and JavaScript. Before joining Basho, he worked at Swipely, a
loyalty program startup based in Providence where he maintained critical
infrastructure components written in Ruby. Christopher currently serves
as one of the maintainers of Rubygems.org.

Links
-----

* Company: http://www.basho.com
* Github: http://github.com/cmeiklejohn
